In this lesson, we used the jQuery library to make
asynchronous requests and we use jQuery's.ajax method to do it.
We also dove into the.ajax method and saw that deep in the underbelly of the code,
it just created an XHR object,
set all the properties and callbacks,
and then sent off the request for us.
So we've seen how to make async requests with XHR,
and now we just looked at using a middleman to handle the groundwork for us.
In the next lesson,
we'll look at the shiny new way to make async requests.
It'll be gluten-free, carb-free and even sugar-free,
will it even be a cake at this point?
Who even knows? I can guarantee you this though,
it will be chocolate.最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6